docs: Update the roadmap for 1.10 (#10339)
rook/rook: ROADMAP.md

Any dates listed below and the specific issues that will ship in a given milestone are subject to change but should give a general idea of what we are planning.
See the [GitHub project boards](https://github.com/rook/rook/projects) for the most up-to-date issues and their status.

## Rook Ceph 1.10

The following high level features are targeted for Rook v1.10 (early August 2022). For more detailed project tracking see the [v1.10 board](https://github.com/rook/rook/projects/26).

> * Remove support for Ceph Octopus (support remains for Pacific and Quincy) [#10338](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/10338)

Reviewer: Even with the documentation restructure/ rework being partially done today, should we add it as we are still working on further rewrites of the documentation?

Author: The roadmap is really for capturing changes in future releases. Anything we are going to backport to the current release I don't think needs to be captured here. Anytime we update the docs, we're likely going to backport it though unless it's a major restructure. But maybe I'm not aware of all the plans you have for the docs, so we should chat more. :)

> * Create tool to analyze cluster health and advise on resolving common health issues [Krew #32](https://github.com/rook/kubectl-rook-ceph/issues/32)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add support in kubectl-rook-ceph krew plugin to analyze cluster health and advise on resolving common health issues [Krew #32](https://github.com/rook/kubectl-rook-ceph/issues/32)
```
`create tool` to be sounds like we need to create a new tool

* Check for existing subvolumes before allowing a filesystem to be uninstalled [#9915](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/9915)

> * Use more specific cephx accounts to better differentiate the source of configuration changes [#10169](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/10169)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use more specific cephx accounts to better differentiate the source of ceph configuration changes [#10169](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/10169)
```
suggestio: how to about adding `ceph configuration changes`? or feel to skip this change

* Automate node fencing for application failover in some scenarios [#1507](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/1507)
* Object Store
  * Service account authentication with the Vault agent [#9872](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/9872)

>   * Support for AWS Server Side Encryption (SSE) [#10318](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/10318)

Reviewer 3: I am planning to include some improvements for rgw multisite in 1.10 like https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/10323

## Themes

The general areas for improvements include the following, though may not be committed to a release.

* Add alpha support for COSI (Container object storage interface) with K8s 1.24 [#7843](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/7843)
* OSD encryption key rotation [#7925](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/7925)

> * Simplify metadata backup and disaster recovery

Reviewer 2: do we have any issues tracking this or is it just common in every release?

Author: There should be one, I need to link it...

* Remove support for Ceph Octopus (support remains for Pacific and Quincy) [#10338](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/10338)
* Add command to the [krew plugin](https://github.com/rook/kubectl-rook-ceph) to analyze cluster health and advise on resolving common health issues [Krew #32](https://github.com/rook/kubectl-rook-ceph/issues/32)
* Check for existing subvolumes before allowing a filesystem to be uninstalled [#9915](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/9915)
* Use more specific cephx accounts to better differentiate the source of Ceph configuration changes [#10169](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/10169)
* Automate node fencing for application failover in some scenarios [#1507](https://github.com/rook/rook/issues/1507)
* Object Store
  * Service account authentication with the Vault agent [#9872](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/9872)
  * Support for AWS Server Side Encryption (SSE) [#10318](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/10318)
  * Improvements to RGW Multisite configuration [#10323](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/10323)

> 

Reviewer 4: Can we add 
`Automate the process of StorageClass creation and add multitenancy support for external Cluster` Reference: https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/10278
